docs: add java/csharp code snippets for FormData (#28951)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/api/class-formdata.md

Sets a field on the form. File values can be passed either as `Path` or as `FilePayload`.

```java
import com.microsoft.playwright.options.FormData;
...
FormData form = FormData.create()

>     // Only name and value is set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Only name and value are set.
```

    .set("firstName", "John")

>     // Name, value + filename and Content-Type is set. Both is inferred from the file path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Name and value are set, filename and Content-Type are inferred from the file path.
```

    .set("profilePicture1", Paths.get("john.jpg"))

>     // Name, value + filename and Content-Type is set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Name, value, filename and Content-Type are set.
```

    .set("profilePicture2", new FilePayload("john.jpg", "image/jpeg", Files.readAllBytes(Paths.get("john.jpg"))));
    .set("age", 30);
page.request().post("http://localhost/submit", RequestOptions.create().setForm(form));
```

```csharp
var multipart = Context.APIRequest.CreateFormData();

> // Only name and value is set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Only name and value are set.
```

multipart.Set("firstName", "John");

> // Name, value + filename and Content-Type is set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Name, value, filename and Content-Type are set.
```
